README.md, before:

<!--
*** Thanks for checking out this README Template. If you have a suggestion that would
*** make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request or simply open
*** an issue with the tag "enhancement".
*** Thanks again! Now go create something AMAZING! :D
-->

<!-- PROJECT SHIELDS -->
<!--
*** I'm using markdown "reference style" links for readability.
*** Reference links are enclosed in brackets [ ] instead of parentheses ( ).
*** See the bottom of this document for the declaration of the reference variables
*** for contributors-url, forks-url, etc. This is an optional, concise syntax you may use.
*** https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links
-->
[![Contributors][contributors-shield]][contributors-url]
[![Forks][forks-shield]][forks-url]
[![Stargazers][stars-shield]][stars-url]
[![Issues][issues-shield]][issues-url]


<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/rammazzoti2000/react_capstone">
    <img src="src/assets/microverse.png" alt="Logo" width="80" height="80">
  </a>

  <h3 align="center">React&Redux --> [Pokemon Catalog]</h3>

  <p align="center">
    This project is part of the Microverse curriculum in React module!
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/rammazzoti2000/react_capstone"><strong>Explore the docs »</strong></a>
    <br />
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/rammazzoti2000/react_capstone/issues">Report Bug</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/rammazzoti2000/react_capstone/issues">Request Feature</a>
  </p>
</p>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
## Table of Contents

* [About the Project](#about-the-project)
  * [Built With](#built-with)
  * [Usage](#usage)
  * [Automated Test](#automated-test)
* [Contributors](#contributors)
* [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
* [License](#license)

<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
## About The Project
React capstone based on a catalog of statistics that is a browsable list of items and can be filtered and accessed the details of one item.
The WebApp it has two types of pages, the main one with the list of elements to display and the second one with a single element displaying relevant information about that object. Each page has a unique route within the Single Page Application.
The project retrieves data from an API and stores it in the Redux Store. Based on that API it is possible to filter the data using a Filter stateless component.


###

![screenshot](src/assets/screenshot.png)

### Built With
This project was built using these technologies.
* HTML/CSS
* ReactJs
* Redux
* Heroku Buildpack
* npm
* ES6
* Node.js
* ESLint
* StyleLint
* GithubActions :muscle:
* Atom :atom:

<!-- INSTALLATION -->
## Usage

To have this app on your pc, you need to:
* [download](https://github.com/rammazzoti2000/react_capstone/archive/develop.zip) or clone this repo:
  - Clone with SSH:
  ```
    git@github.com:rammazzoti2000/react_capstone.git
  ```
  - Clone with HTTPS
  ```
    https://github.com/rammazzoti2000/react_capstone.git
  ```

* In the project directory, you can run:

  - `$ npm install` - installs all the dependencies required by the project

  - `$ npm start` - runs the app in the development mode:
    - Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.
    - The page will reload if you make edits.
    - You will also see any lint errors in the console.

  - `$ npm run build`
    - Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.
    - It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.
    - The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.
    - Your app is ready to be deployed!

## Automated Test
 > to be added
 
 ## Walkthrough Video and Deployment (Heroku)
https://www.loom.com/share/5860127540704697aba0d3dc360b97bd
##

## Live Demo & Deployment
The project has been deployed with [Heroku Buildpack for create-react-app](https://github.com/mars/create-react-app-buildpack#user-content-requires)

[Heroku Live Demo Link](https://react-capstonejsx.herokuapp.com/) :point_left:

<!-- CONTACT -->
## Contributors

👤 **Alexandru Bangau**

- LinkedIn: [Alexandru Bangau](https://www.linkedin.com/in/alexandru-bangau/)
- GitHub: [@rammazzoti2000](https://github.com/rammazzoti2000)
- E-mail: bangau.alexandru@gmail.com

## :handshake: Contributing

Contributions, issues and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/rammazzoti2000/react_capstone/issues).

## Show your support

Give a :star: if you like this project!

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->
## Acknowledgements
* [Microverse](https://www.microverse.org/)
* [The Odin Project](https://www.theodinproject.com/)
* [React Documentation](https://reactjs.org/docs/getting-started.html)
* [Heroku Documentation](https://devcenter.heroku.com/)
* [Heroku Buildpack](https://github.com/mars/create-react-app-buildpack#user-content-requires)

<!-- MARKDOWN LINKS & IMAGES -->
<!-- https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links -->
[contributors-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/rammazzoti2000/react_capstone.svg?style=flat-square
[contributors-url]: https://github.com/rammazzoti2000/react_capstone/graphs/contributors
[forks-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/forks/rammazzoti2000/react_capstone.svg?style=flat-square
[forks-url]: https://github.com/rammazzoti2000/react_capstone/network/members
[stars-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/rammazzoti2000/react_capstone.svg?style=flat-square
[stars-url]: https://github.com/rammazzoti2000/react_capstone/stargazers
[issues-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues/rammazzoti2000/react_capstone.svg?style=flat-square
[issues-url]: https://github.com/rammazzoti2000/react_capstone/issues

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) licensed.

Commit message:

readme: Update Instructions Unit tests

README.md, after:

<!--
*** Thanks for checking out this README Template. If you have a suggestion that would
*** make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request or simply open
*** an issue with the tag "enhancement".
*** Thanks again! Now go create something AMAZING! :D
-->

<!-- PROJECT SHIELDS -->
<!--
*** I'm using markdown "reference style" links for readability.
*** Reference links are enclosed in brackets [ ] instead of parentheses ( ).
*** See the bottom of this document for the declaration of the reference variables
*** for contributors-url, forks-url, etc. This is an optional, concise syntax you may use.
*** https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links
-->
[![Contributors][contributors-shield]][contributors-url]
[![Forks][forks-shield]][forks-url]
[![Stargazers][stars-shield]][stars-url]
[![Issues][issues-shield]][issues-url]


<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/rammazzoti2000/react_capstone">
    <img src="src/assets/microverse.png" alt="Logo" width="80" height="80">
  </a>

  <h3 align="center">React&Redux --> [Pokemon Catalog]</h3>

  <p align="center">
    This project is part of the Microverse curriculum in React module!
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/rammazzoti2000/react_capstone"><strong>Explore the docs »</strong></a>
    <br />
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/rammazzoti2000/react_capstone/issues">Report Bug</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/rammazzoti2000/react_capstone/issues">Request Feature</a>
  </p>
</p>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
## Table of Contents

* [About the Project](#about-the-project)
  * [Built With](#built-with)
  * [Usage](#usage)
  * [Automated Test](#automated-test)
* [Contributors](#contributors)
* [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
* [License](#license)

<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
## About The Project
React capstone based on a catalog of statistics that is a browsable list of items and can be filtered and accessed the details of one item.
The WebApp it has two types of pages, the main one with the list of elements to display and the second one with a single element displaying relevant information about that object. Each page has a unique route within the Single Page Application.
The project retrieves data from an API and stores it in the Redux Store. Based on that API it is possible to filter the data using a Filter stateless component.


###

![screenshot](src/assets/screenshot.png)

### Built With
This project was built using these technologies.
* HTML/CSS
* ReactJs
* Redux
* Heroku Buildpack
* npm
* ES6
* Node.js
* ESLint
* StyleLint
* GithubActions :muscle:
* Atom :atom:

<!-- INSTALLATION -->
## Usage

To have this app on your pc, you need to:
* [download](https://github.com/rammazzoti2000/react_capstone/archive/develop.zip) or clone this repo:
  - Clone with SSH:
  ```
    git@github.com:rammazzoti2000/react_capstone.git
  ```
  - Clone with HTTPS
  ```
    https://github.com/rammazzoti2000/react_capstone.git
  ```

* In the project directory, you can run:

  - `$ npm install` - installs all the dependencies required by the project

  - `$ npm start` - runs the app in the development mode:
    - Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.
    - The page will reload if you make edits.
    - You will also see any lint errors in the console.

  - `$ npm run build`
    - Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.
    - It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.
    - The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.
    - Your app is ready to be deployed!

## Automated Test
  - `$ npm run test` - Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode, see the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

 ## Walkthrough Video and Deployment (Heroku)
https://www.loom.com/share/5860127540704697aba0d3dc360b97bd
##

## Live Demo & Deployment
The project has been deployed with [Heroku Buildpack for create-react-app](https://github.com/mars/create-react-app-buildpack#user-content-requires)

[Heroku Live Demo Link](https://react-capstonejsx.herokuapp.com/) :point_left:

<!-- CONTACT -->
## Contributors

👤 **Alexandru Bangau**

- LinkedIn: [Alexandru Bangau](https://www.linkedin.com/in/alexandru-bangau/)
- GitHub: [@rammazzoti2000](https://github.com/rammazzoti2000)
- E-mail: bangau.alexandru@gmail.com

## :handshake: Contributing

Contributions, issues and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/rammazzoti2000/react_capstone/issues).

## Show your support

Give a :star: if you like this project!

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->
## Acknowledgements
* [Microverse](https://www.microverse.org/)
* [The Odin Project](https://www.theodinproject.com/)
* [React Documentation](https://reactjs.org/docs/getting-started.html)
* [Heroku Documentation](https://devcenter.heroku.com/)
* [Heroku Buildpack](https://github.com/mars/create-react-app-buildpack#user-content-requires)

<!-- MARKDOWN LINKS & IMAGES -->
<!-- https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links -->
[contributors-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/rammazzoti2000/react_capstone.svg?style=flat-square
[contributors-url]: https://github.com/rammazzoti2000/react_capstone/graphs/contributors
[forks-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/forks/rammazzoti2000/react_capstone.svg?style=flat-square
[forks-url]: https://github.com/rammazzoti2000/react_capstone/network/members
[stars-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/rammazzoti2000/react_capstone.svg?style=flat-square
[stars-url]: https://github.com/rammazzoti2000/react_capstone/stargazers
[issues-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues/rammazzoti2000/react_capstone.svg?style=flat-square
[issues-url]: https://github.com/rammazzoti2000/react_capstone/issues

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) licensed.
